examples/setup_with_versions/README.md, before:


## Setup and Run Instructions
NOTE: This section is autogenerated by readme_ation.py, manual updates will be overwritten

This will guide you through the process of setting up a Mamba environment and running the provided Python code to see it in action. It uses the last known working versions of Python and packages used.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have [Mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html) installed on your system. Mamba is a fast, cross-platform package manager.

### Steps

1. **Create a Mamba Environment**
   
   Open your terminal and execute the following commands:

   ```bash
   mamba create -n myenv python=3.9.19 -y
   mamba activate myenv

2. **Install Necessary Packages**

    ```bash
    # Install each with mamba and fall back to pip if necessary
    for pkg in graphviz=2.50.0, matplotlib=3.8.4, numpy=1.26.4, readme_ation=0.1.11, torch=1.13.1, yaml=0.2.5; do mamba install $pkg -y || pip install $pkg; done

3. **Run the Script**

    Ensure you are in your project directory and run the file you added the readme-ation code to and run:

    ```bash
    python [FILE_NAME]

    Or click 'run' in your IDE of choice.

    <!-- END SETUP AND RUN INSTRUCTIONS -->

Commit message:

Refactors package version code into the pkg_vers package. readme-ation 0.1.13

examples/setup_with_versions/README.md, after:

## Setup and Run Instructions
NOTE: This section is autogenerated by readme_generator.py, manual updates will be overwritten

This will guide you through the process of setting up a Mamba environment and running the provided Python code to see it in action. It uses the last known working versions of Python and packages used.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have [Mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html) installed on your system. Mamba is a fast, cross-platform package manager.

### Steps

1. **Create a Mamba Environment**
   
   Open your terminal and execute the following commands:

   ```shell
   mamba create -n [ENVIRONMENT_NAME] python=3.9.19 -y
   mamba activate [ENVIRONMENT_NAME]
   ```

2. **Install Necessary Packages**

    ```shell
    # Install each with mamba and fall back to pip if necessary
    for pkg in graphviz=2.50.0, matplotlib=3.8.4, numpy=1.26.4, pkg_vers=0.0.1, readme_ation, torch=1.13.1, yaml=0.2.5; do (mamba install $pkg -y || pip install "${pkg//=/==}"); done
    ```

3. **Run the Script**

    Ensure you are in your project directory and run:

    ```shell
    python [FILE_NAME]
    ```

    Or click 'run' in your IDE of choice.

    <!-- END SETUP AND RUN INSTRUCTIONS -->
